With the depth limit of two we get
a very different result than with
the limit of three.
>> Yep, at level two,
the losing center moves.
Both have scores of three, while
the winning moves have smaller scores.
>> Does that mean our
evaluation function is bad?
>> Not necessarily.
It may mean that we're not searching
deep enough to get good answers.
>> How do we tell?
>> One way to check is to see which
branches the minimax algorithm
recommends at each level of the search.
If the results vary widely
between certain levels,
it may be because critical a decision
is being made at those levels.
Let's try it out on
the example isolation game.
We will continue to use the number
of my moves evaluation function.
Which can have a maximum score of
five and a minimum score of zero.
If we find a branch where
our computer player loses,
we'll give it a score of -1.
If we find a branch where
our computer player wins,
we'll give it a score of 100.
With this example isolation game at
level one, the number of my moves
evaluation function would recommend the
two center moves and the top left move.
Each of these have scores of four.
At Level 2,the two center moves are
considered the best with scores of 3.
At Level 3,
the center moves are considered worse.
That continues for Level 4, 5 and 6.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
After level three,
we've reach a state of quiescence.
The recommended branches
are not changing much.
We know we are in good shape.
[BLANK_AUDIO]